more than nine months without the
municipal health address or the
cofepris implement control actions
and monitoring in the sale of meat in the
locality of the presumed where
apparently two of three butchers
continue to sacrifice animals in their
addresses without accessing any type of
sanitary control increases the risk to
who consume the product and the
neighbors who perceive foul smells by
the intestines of the animal
jose umberto tozzi never one of the
butchers of that town and
delegate of the same explained that in
several times he invited his colleagues
they will move to sacrifice their animals in
the municipal trail but seeing the
apathy of the planners requested the
intervention of the health directorate
municipal or the cofepris but the
authority has been shown apathetic
repeat the first goal you were to the friend
hard that is the health center
and that the responsible person is me
I commented because a lot of people were
complaining and there in the town we have another
butcher is a server a young man is
flame and what does it say then
those comrades are killing your home
and kills them on public roads of the
neighbors are complaining because they burn
all the viscera then I think
house then is a pestilence that the
people are complaining is I would put I went
to invite them to notify you that
please , nothing happens
the profits only they make of
the blind eye then I commented to
Durán Durán pledged to go to
visit them pontificate but until nothing and
keep going the same as
the health director the cofepris have
made deaf ears
Even before I mentioned the
comrades and they are still worrying
a girls telecom has not touched yet
and with the rainy weather the
presidency of the viscera then
you have to go on the trail indicated
that there are two serious problems
of the slaughter of pigs in the backyard
of the planners on the one hand the
neighbors complain about the pestilence of
the sewage that is generated and the
intestines and on the other the lack of
sanitary regulation of the product that
comes directly to the population so
previous without ucam extra a call both
to the municipal health department as to
the local representation of the cofepris
to act immediately against
those butchers who refuse to
meet the police and good side
government and the general health law
for promovision of this jose maria
Morelos Juan Ojeda